# Mention Me - Refer A Friend FAQs

Mention Me - Refer A Friend FAQs

Mention me is our refer a friend programme. Once you've placed an order with us through our main UK website, you'll have the chance to refer a friend. If your friend makes a purchase through your referral, you'll both receive a discount code as a little thank you!
## I entered my friend’s name, why didn’t it work?
This could be for several reasons. It could be because your friend didn't register for the refer-a-friend scheme or it could be because you are entering a nickname (that the system doesn’t recognise) rather than the name they registered with, or it could be because there is more than one person with the same name signed up.
## Why haven’t I received my referral reward yet?
If your friend has placed an order with us but you're still waiting for the reward, it could be due to the following:

1. You may not have followed your friends link, or you have entered the name incorrectly at the checkout.
2. The email address the customer has used to claim their offer is different to the one used to make a purchase.
3. There is a waiting period for the offer to become valid (24 hours)
## Why is my reward code not working?
Please check the following if your reward code isn't working:

* Your purchase meets the offer terms
* Make sure you are not using the code alongside another code or promotion (Rewards codes cannot be stacked)
* Please check that there are no spelling mistakes, or a space entered after the code.
## How does Mention Me use my data?
* Mention Me are fully GDPR compliant and committed to protecting your personal data.
* Mention Me are the data processors and we (H&B) are the data controllers.
* The data belongs to H&B and Mention Me process this on our behalf.
## Can I control how Mention Me uses my data?
Yes, we can do the following:

1. **Right to be forgotten**
2. **Subject Access Request**
3. **Unsubscribe**
## I referred lots of people, but I only got 5 vouchers.
This may be because only five new people ended up buying or it may be because they have reached the limit set within the terms and conditions.

The terms and conditions state that you can only make a certain number of referrals in a 24-hour period and within a year.
## What discount will I receive for referring a friend?
* You will receive 25% off a £30 minimum spend and your referred friend will receive the same discount.
## Here are a few things to keep in mind:
#### Referrer rewards:

* The rewards offer applies to new customers only (over 18)
* The code can be claimed via web only, this offer is exempt from stores and the App
* Rewards are only valid for 3 months from the date earned by the referee
* Rewards will be delivered to the referrer on the day of the referred friends purchase and will not be valid if the order has been cancelled.
* There is a requirement for the referrer to be an existing Holland & Barrett customer
* Holland & Barrett reserve the right to decline or cancel the reward code generated by a referrer

#### Referred friends rewards:

* The reward is valid for 7 days from the point of issue to the referred friend
* The referred friend reward cannot be claimed by the same person making the referral
* Referred friend rewards cannot be combined with other discount codes in a single order.
* There are limits in place on how many and how frequently referrals can be made

**If you still need help please get in touch!** [**Contact us**](https://help.hollandandbarrett.com/hc/en-gb/articles/20011957983378-Contact-us)
